
When I was constructing a game I really didnt know what I wanted. Personally, I wanted to do a rock/paper/scissors game, but, for some reason I thought of cookie clicker. I just like the fact where you just keep clicking and clicking again and everytime you buy upgrades you are able to gain even more cookies, which for some reason seeing all the cookies add up was always satisfying to me.

To play Cookie Clicker, all you really have to do is just keep clicking the cookie in the center of your screen. As you click the cookie, you gain more cookies, and using your cookies you can buy upgrades which will help assist you collect even more cookies then you ever had. 

To build the game I used CSS,Js,and HTml, aswell as the program called paint. I had to use the program called paint because I couldnt find specific images that I needed so I had to create them myself which took quite awhile because I kept messing up.

There where many bugs and unfinished functionalities. I tried animating the cookie to where everytime you clicked the cookie would pulsate, but, I couldnt figure out how to do that. I also couldn't figure out how to implement my 3rd upgrade, which was that everytime you click it would give you 2 cookies instead of 1, but I think that one would have required advanced coding which we havent touched base upon. A problem I have is that you can continuously buy upgrades, which will stack upon eachother playing the same function again and again, but I wonder if i should keep that as an actually game function and just make prices of upgrades way higher. SetInterval I also have problems with because it syncs up the time they both give cookies (making one payout of cookies to the player to 30 rather then seperate payouts).